Agile Stories

#6 As someone interested in the iRobot, I want information about the logistics and maintenance and the
   pricing, so that I can make an informed decision on this product
	a. Story Point  - 
	b. Priority	-
	c. Tasks	- Create a maintenance and logisitics plan that detail when 
			  and how the iRobot will be maintained. Also include pricing
			  options for the reader of the pamphlet to review.
	d. Done When	- A reasonably detailed plan for the maintenance and its pricing has been
			  established, one that would satisfy a consumer. This should include:
				1: Replacement parts
				2: Having the iRobot checked regularly by a mechanic

#7 As someone interesting in purchasing iRobot, I want a guarantee policy, so that if it breaks or I am 
   unsatisfied, I can return it
	a. Story Point	-
	b. Priority	-
	c. Tasks	- Formulate a guarantee policy that provides reimbursement or a replacement
			  if the current iRobot breaks, and also provides a refund if the user is
			  not satisfied
	d. Done When	- A guarantee for reimbursement or replacement has been written in case of:
				1: The iRobot breaks
				2: The user is not satisfied

#8 As the produces of the iRobot, I want testimonials in the pamphlet, so that potential customers can see 
   the positive experiences of other consumers and invest in our product
	a. Story Point	-
	b. Priority	-
	c. Tasks	- Show positive testimonials to the viewer of the pamphlet
			- Include the option to add additional testimonials
			- Have the testimonials persist between executions
	d. Done When	- Several positive testimonials of the iRobot product have been written and are
			  on the online pamphlet
			- Additional testimonials can be easily added
			- The additional testimonials are saved

#9 As a viewer of the pamphlet, I want contance information, so that I can contact the company if I am
   interested in their product
	a. Story Point	-
	b. Priority	-
	c. Tasks	- Provide contanct information as well as methods to contact the company
	d. Done When	- Phone number is provided
			- The mailing address is provided
			- The email is provided
			- A customer can leave a message on the pamphlet with their email or phone number
			  and can expect to get a response

#10 As the owner of the iRobot, I want a list of companies that have already received the pamphlet, their
    level of interest in the product, and how beneficial they would be to have as a customer, so that I
    can know how to market the product
	a. Story Point 	- 
	b. Priority	-
	c. Tasks	- Have a file containing:
				1: The customer
				2: Their level of interest
				3: How beneficial to the company it would be to have them
			- Read in  from the file
			- Track which companies have already received the pamphlet
	d. Done When	- The program has all the appropriate information of the customers, can display
			  the information, and can display which companies have already received the 
			  pamphlet

11. As an administrator, I would like to be able to update the customer list, so that I can change customer 
    information such as changing the rating and “key” field.
	a. Story Point -  6
	b. Priority - 10
	c. Tasks - Make options so that the administrator can choose which customer the admin would like to change 
		   information about.
		 - Make options so that the administrator can choose what type of information is to be changed.
		 - Update the information accurately.
	d. Done When - Allows the administrator to update information about a certain customer. 
		Always make sure that the customer name is unique and that there are no duplicates.
		The customer list is updated to hold correct information about a customer.
		Make sure that only an administrator can update the customer list and not the customer.
		
12. As an administrator, I want the ability add and delete customers, so that only I can keep an accurate list 
    of all the customers for iRobotsTheBomb.
	a. Story Point 	- 5
	b. Priority 	- 8
	c. Tasks      	- There is a default special login that is provided for only administrators that gives the 
		  	  administrator the option to add or delete a customer.
			- The administrator provides information about the customer, he/she would like to add.
			- This includes Name, Address, City, State, ZipCode, interest level in company, and
			  whether or not the customer is a “key” customer.
			- Check to make sure that the customer name is unique.
			- Every time a new customer is added or deleted, the list is accurate and well maintained.
	d. Done When 	- The Administrator is able to specially login and see information about company that 
			  should not be viewed by the customers.
			- The administrator has the ability to add a customer.
			- The administrator has the ability to delete a customer.
			- To add a customer the administrator must provide valid information about a customer 
			  (Name, Address, City, State, ZipCode, interest level in company, and whether or not 
			  the customer is a “key” customer).
			- To delete a customer, the administrator must provide a name. 
			- The customer list must be accurate after each added or deleted customer.
			- The customer list must be accurate even after the program is ended and restarted.
			- If the administrator is not able to add a customer, the admin must be notified why.
			- If the administrator cannot delete a customer, the admin must be notified why.
			
13. As a perspective customer, I would like to be able to request a copy of the pamphlet, so that I can decide 
    whether or not I would like to purchase products from the company.
	a. Story Point -  3
	b. Priority - 7
	c. Tasks - Make an option for perspective customers where they can contact the company.
	  	 - The perspective customer will have to fill out a form indicating the name, address, city, 
	  	   state, zip code and interest level in the company.
		 - Notify the perspective customer that the pamphlet has been sent.
	d. Done When - The perspective customer is able to request a pamphlet.
		     - The perspective customer will be notified when the pamphlet will be mailed to them.
		     - The perspective customer will be added the customer list once the pamphlet is sent.

14. As an administrator, I would like the customer list to be persistent between executions, so that I can 
    always have an updated and accurate list of customers. 
	a. Story Point -  6
	b. Priority - 3
	c. Tasks - Make sure after every end of an execution the file of all the customers is updated and saved.
		 - When executing the program again, automatically read the file so that it provides an 
		   updated customer list.
	d. Done When - After executing the program, the customer list should be updated on the file automatically.
	 	     - When executing the program, the program will automatically grab and retrieve all 
	 	       the customers from a designated customer file. 
	 	       
15. As a customer, I would like option to order one or more iRobot devices, so that I purchase everything I 
    need for my company/corporation. 
	a. Story Point -  5
	b. Priority - 6
	c. Tasks - Allow the ability for the customer to purchase an iRobot. The customer will be able to 
		   choose the product and the quantity of the item.
		 - After adding a purchase the customer will be asked if he/she would like to purchase more. 
		   If the customer is done purchasing, a receipt will be printed out for the user. 
		   Otherwise, the customer will be able to purchase another product.
	d. Done When - The customer should be a valid customer.
	- The customer should be able to choose a iRobot to purchase and if the iRobot does not exist, 
	  the customer will be notified.
	- The customer should be able to choose as many iRobots he/she would like to purchase.
	- When done purchasing, the purchase will be added to the purchase list.
	- The customer will have received an accurate total of how much the iRobots cost.
