Having bomb troubles? Do you fear that your company buildings will explode? Then the iRobotsTheBomb product is for you! The iRobot can take care of all your bomb diffusing needs! It can diffuse bombs in all those hard-to-reach places, and without risking human life! Stop worrying about when the next explosion will occur and get your iRobot today!
The standard iRobot package can traverse extreme physical terrain. From flat surfaces to slightly less flat surfaces, the iRobot is perfectly able to navigate to any explosive material in the area!
The iRobot works by first locating the bomb using a complex search algorithm. It then navigates to the bomb and places it into a thick titanium container in its center. Once the bomb is safely contained, the diffusion system will activate and will identify the type of bomb and the best way to diffuse it. Hopefully, the bomb will be successfully diffused, but if not, then the bomb will explode safely within the iRobot. If the iRobot becomes faulty after such an explosion (95% chance), iRobotsTheBomb Inc. will provide you with another iRobot of the same model.
There are three iRobot packages to choose from: 1) The Standard Package previously described - Only $50,000! 2) The Rock Climbing Package, capable of scaling sheer cliffs and walls to reach a bomb - Only $60,000! And finally, 3) the Dancing Bot package, able to offer entertainment as well as bomb diffusing capablitites - Only $100,000!
The purchase of any of our three iRobot packages includes a maintenance plan. We will send a certified iRobot technician to inspect your iRobot, to ensure that it will be at the top of its game in the face of a bomb threat. We will also fix or replace any iRobot damaged while diffusing a bomb or executing a difficult dance routine, all included in a purchase of any iRobot.
We also have a guarantee policy. We guarantee that you will be fully satisfied with your iRobot product. Disclaimer - Guarantee policy does not include any sort of refund or reimbursement.
